yes answer to the family see screen
sizes here so large now we've come back
here to screen handsets so when it is
completely shut it will be 12 2
millimeters thick as you can see in the
glass case there one in this shot this
screen will be off on the rear and it
will be just a standard dreams
vacation for example Oh see now we can
expand the springs example interest for
example email we treated slightly
differently you might actually expect
we've now treated it in box on this side
and the emails every Sun on that side
you can also rotate in stratospheric
mode
using two switch you'll get a keyboard
you get a keyboard close it will be
filling the whole of this string
I think somebody's turned off there
something like
an example of gesturing between mrs.
Green's name
counter application my MC I thought one
of the share these pictures on Facebook
like them to try you trust Facebook you
know
as you saw that I was able to gesture
quite easy strangers
incident browsing is again a great
experience the wife is gone missing
right
watch
Facebook
it's not sharing it
this place
I can also carry on my facebook on this
side
mostly concedes in this picture on the
ground
switch
video playback
we envision whenever users want to watch
the video they're going to want to use
the
we have a national teacher where you can
share the video and the other side